[Images] Refine text and created pages for Serve Images (#5416)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/images/cloudflare-images/tutorials/integrate-cloudflare-images.md

### Adaptive Optimized Format Delivery

> Another great built-in feature of Cloudflare Images is [Adaptive Optimized Format Delivery](/images/cloudflare-images/serve-images/adaptive-images-format/). This feature allows Cloudflare Images to automatically serve the best image format to the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Adaptive Optimized Format Delivery](/images/cloudflare-images/serve-images/adaptive-images-format/) is a built-in feature of Cloudflare Images. This feature allows Cloudflare Images to automatically serve the best image format to the browser.
```
